(PC-33150)[API] Uppdate change logs (#15248)
pass-culture/pass-culture-main: api/documentation/src/pages/change-logs.md

💡 Important notice some old resources are going to be removed in the coming months.

- If you were using `/v2/venue/<venue_id>/stocks` to manage stocks, you will have to migrate to this endpoint : [/public/offers/v1/products/ean](/rest-api#tag/Product-Offer-Bulk-Operations/operation/PostProductOfferByEan). The endpoint `/v2/stock` will not be available anymore starting from September, the 31st 2024.

> - If you were using `/v2/bookings` to manage bookings, you will have to migrate to those endpoints [/public/bookings/v1/bookings](/rest-api#tag/Bookings).  The endpoint `/v2/bookings` will not be available anymore starting from June, the 30th 2025.

Reviewer: Je vois aussi un 31 septembre au-dessus, qui pourrait avantageusement être avancé au 30 :laughing:
Et ne plus être au futur : « is no longer available since September 30, 2024 ».

Style : 
```suggestion
- If you were using `/v2/bookings` to manage bookings, you will have to migrate to those endpoints [/public/bookings/v1/bookings](/rest-api#tag/Bookings).  The endpoint `/v2/bookings` will no longer be available starting from June 30, 2025.
```

Author: Ah oui le fameux 31 septembre 😅
